Then give it a try
I have seen Li Shao's strength
So next
Let Li Shao see it for himself
My strength as an upstart
I will let the top ten on this list later
All of us are stars and moon
Oh, it's installed.
Top 10
You're talking big regardless of the occasion now, right?
Pack
Keep pretending.
If you can, show me one.
It's still in the top ten
What's the use of bragging?
Did you say big words?
You'll know after you wait and see.
Hello General Manager
Notify all employees of our company
Put down what you are doing immediately
Each person registers an account on our live streaming platform
Give gifts to our anchor
The money will not be deposited into the public account.
It's Mr. Li Linfang
Now you are bringing shame upon the entire company, right?
Okay, I want to see how long you can pretend
Look, the second one moved
20 billion
Li Feier of Xingyue Media has made great achievements
Crush the crowd with a contribution value of 20 billion
How is it possible?
How come you are so strong?